I have to say first of all I thought the
fans it was it was a it was a very
pleasant welcome and they stay behind
the team for the entire game and even in
the dying minutes you know because i
think they appreciated the effort and
they wanted to get the team over the
line as well so that was important yeah
and you know tuesday's going to be a
very difficult game again because if
switch went to forest and very nearly
one forest equalized very late on
against them so I know mixed team I
played him preseason that tough to be
there very very tough very organized and
you know we got a lot of work to do
before tuesday if we're going to pull
off a result against ipswich that is no
doubt about that okies also any injuries
ravel morrison was busy today yeah ravel
what he did his knee so he had opened up
the the ligaments in his knee what it is
when he when he's kicking over distances
now it's still causing him a problem so
anything over 15 20 yards it's causing
him a problem on top of that on top of
that he had a little bit of a virus as
well so for two reasons really he wasn't
with us today Tuesday outside chance
outside chance Saturday more likely okay
anybody else that's closing in on a
vendor and
probably not quite there no bent been
add 60 minutes on Friday we add an
internal game 30 minutes each way played
in that and he came through that and and
Connor's at 30 minutes and he came
through that so that was all good we
have to mix that a little bit because
you got two games yes I probably will I
said to the group the 20-man squad that
I picked that you know over over the
three games the seven days that most of
them will play their part I think that's
very important to also even if it's not
a starter to come on and make the right
kind of impact is is involved invaluable
obviously you do and yes yes yes need
Declan check it out right now don't
worry you know with the numbers I mean
it couldn't be worse really i mean i
could have solved any other area before
the game but fab it Fabio to go was it
was was a bit of a blow to be honest but
um no fair play to the lads they burn
they've come through that as a group was
makeda substitution a precaution for
injury as well though yes because he was
starting to cramp up so again it
probably came off a little bit before
time would you expect him to be in
contention yeah I would hope he I would
be disappointed if he wasn't fit yeah
yeah for Tuesday yeah